Improving contribution.md (#5360)
nunit/nunit: CONTRIBUTING.md

- Before you start coding, please get confirmation from a maintainer to go ahead with the PR, or ask to have the issue assigned to you.
- Always include unit tests with your PR. Make sure you test the problem itself, not just the specific fix you've implemented.
- To help new contributors get their feet wet, we've marked a number of issues with the `good first issue` label. These are great places to start and are intended as learning opportunities. We encourage you to use AI to help you understand the problem or the code, but not to do the work for you. The goal is to learn how NUnit works, not just to get the issue closed.
- It's also a good idea to leave a comment on the issue to let everyone know you're working on it. If you decide to stop, please let us know. Taking a break is perfectly normal, but it gives someone else the opportunity to pick up the work.

Feel free to read through the [Developer Docs](https://docs.nunit.org/articles/developer-info/Team-Practices.html#technical-practices) before contributing to get familiar with our coding standards and development practices.

> Always build the project locally before submitting a PR. If you've broken one of our coding standards, you should be rewarded with a friendly reminder from either `.editorconfig` or StyleCop.

Reviewer: > Always build the project locally before submitting a PR.

Thanks for including this.

Reviewer: A small suggestion to point them to our build script and to guide contributors on how errors might surface. Note that I haven't had the chance to verify the markdown link.

```suggestion
Always build the project locally before submitting a PR. If you've broken one of our coding standards, you should see a warning in your IDE or an error if building from command line. You can build on the command line using [our build script](BUILDING.md#script-build) via `dotnet build`.
```

Reviewer 2: Good idea, as a successful build in VS might have errors when build from the commandline.
